THE OPENING OF THE BRISBANE BRIDGE
 
Monday the 15 June, 1874 will long be remembered as a red-letter day in the annals of history, as the day upon which took place that long-looked-for event, 
the opening for traffic of the bridge, connecting the metropolis with the interior of Souther Queensland.
 
#
 
A more beautiful day for such a display could not have been desired, the sun shining out with just sufficient warmth to pleasantly temper the exhilirating westerly breeze. 
About half-past 8 o'clock in the morning, the clanging of the fire bell gave the first signal of preparation for the coming ceremony, by summoning the members of the brigade to the post of honor, if not of danger. 
From about 10 o'clock, Queen-street and the adjacent thoroughfares were lined with crowds of well-dressed men, women, and children, hastening to view the marshalling of the procession opposite the Town Hall.
 
The various friendly and temperance societies were the first on the ground, and with their banners and regalia presented a very pleasing appearance. 
Shortly after 11 o'clock, the Caledonians, to the number of about 120, arrived, and took up their position at the head of the procession. 
The old Lion of Scotland never fluttered more proudly on the breeze of even its native mountains, and the Highlanders in costume, althought not numerous, were very creditable representatives of the land of 'wild heath and rocky glen.
The pipers played their part most efficiently, their strains being sufficiently martial and awe-inspiring to have satisfied the most enthusiastic Scotchman. 
Immediately after the Caledonians came the Hibernian Society, numbering about 150; borne before them was the national flag of Ireland, a green harp upon a white ground.
 
Next to the Hibernians marched the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, mustering fully 250 members, and they were followed by the Grand United Oddfellows, numbering about sixty strong. 
The banner of the Manchester Unity was very handsome. Behind the Oddfellows marched the Foresters, about sixty strong, and the Independent Order of Good Templars;
the latter body presented a rather novel appearance, as in the ranks were a considerable sprinkling of the fair sex, seemingly quite proud of avowing thus publicly their adherence to the tenets of their order. 
The Independent Order of Rechabites also made a creditable appearance. The Band of Hope was strong in juveniles, and they by no means seemed the least jubilant of the crowd.